[Bulk] Validation Fixes (#254)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/common-parameters-and-types/type-identifiers/index.md

---
# required metadata
title: "Type Identifiers | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "This Type identifiers article lists top-level type IDs used by the Bing Maps APIs."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The overview page for the Type Identifiers section contains links to the top-level types used by the Bing Maps API including EatDrink, SeeDo, Shop, BanksAndCreditUnions, Hospitals, HotelsAndMotels and Parking.
```
